# Report 1
Group 4: CottageGore<br>
Date and location: 10/31/2023,Engineering BLDG, Study Space<br>
Present participants: Samantha Jurado; Eduardo De La Rosa; Meaghan Freund;
Missing participants: None<br>
Project repo: CottageGore (https://github.com/sljur/CottageGore)<br>

## Summary of Activities
- We discussed the video we found on how we could go about splitting up the work on the code.
- We created fodlers in our github and a process for reporting what we did every meeting.

## Project Retrospective

### Activity Check list
1. Appreciations: 
      - Everyone for a little Backend group showed up and gave input to our discussion.
2. Successes: 
      - We created a plan of attack fro how to wanetd to start writing code
3. Failures: 
      - None so far.
4. Barriers:
      - We discussed that we need to have consistent communication between the two-mini groups of our project.
5. Things to Try Next Time:
      - Nothing came to mind for this meeting; but we are just starting out.

## Next Steps
- Watch the video we found
- Discuss which pieces we would like to work on
